h1. Distributed Pong for #ldnrealtime



h2. More Information

little hack done on the weekend of the 13th

h2. Dependencies

To use this application, you will need:

* The Ruby language 1.9.2 and bundler
* Rabbitmq
* A pusher api key
* postmark api key if you decide to send mails

h2. Installing the Application

bc. git clone https://github.com/fishman/ldnrealtimehack
cd ldnrealtimehack
gem install bundler
bundle

h2. Cloudfoundry deploy

# run @rake assets:precompile@
# comment out the following in the gem file
bc. group :assets do
    gem 'sass-rails',   '~> 3.1.5'
    gem 'coffee-rails', '~> 3.1.1'
    gem 'uglifier', '>= 1.0.3'
  end
  group :development do
    gem 'jquery-rails'
  end
  gem "twitter-bootstrap-rails", ">= 2.0.3", :group => :assets 
  group :test do
    gem 'turn', '0.8.2', :require => false
  end
  gem "rspec-rails", ">= 2.9.0.rc2", :group => [:development, :test]
  gem "factory_girl_rails", ">= 3.1.0", :group => [:development, :test]
  gem "email_spec", ">= 1.2.1", :group => :test
  gem "guard", ">= 0.6.2", :group => :development
  case HOST_OS
    when /darwin/i
      gem 'rb-fsevent', :group => :development
      gem 'growl', :group => :development
    when /linux/i
      gem 'libnotify', :group => :development
      gem 'rb-inotify', :group => :development
    when /mswin|windows/i
      gem 'rb-fchange', :group => :development
      gem 'win32console', :group => :development
      gem 'rb-notifu', :group => :development
  end
  gem "guard-bundler", ">= 0.1.3", :group => :development
  gem "guard-rails", ">= 0.0.3", :group => :development
  gem "guard-livereload", ">= 0.3.0", :group => :development
  gem "guard-rspec", ">= 0.4.3", :group => :development

# @bundle@
# @vmc update@
# don't forget to bind your rabbitmq service to the app @vmc bind-service rabbitmq@

h2. Getting Started

open two browsers and start playing?

h4. Issues

a lot of them, more than you can imagine

h2. Credits

* The canvas and js is based on "camelpunchs pong":http://github.com/camelpunch/pong

h2. License

Anything you want
